Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
It may be far in the future, but there's some kind of logical way to get from where we are to where the science fiction is.
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.
Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will.
Gotta stay in the gym, stay funny, stay sharp. I just love working.
If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.
Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything except his own nature.
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
In fact, I was one of the few trusted people that Lucy allowed to play with their kids. I spent time at their summer home, rode horses at their ranch, and swam at their beach house. I even spent a Christmas with them at Palm Springs one year.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech.
If you use your imagination, you can look at any actress and see her nude... I hope to make you use your imagination.
The principles of a free constitution are irrecoverably lost, when the legislative power is nominated by the executive.
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.
Non-profits must become deeply engaged in the ways that their donor communities are using social technology.
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!
I knew that I could vote and that that wasn't a privilege it was my right. Every time I tried I was shot, killed or jailed, beaten or economically deprived.
Well, real estate is always good, as far as I'm concerned.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
It's a tricky place, especially the last sector. I wasn't happy in practice. I wasn't happy with the car and I wasn't happy with myself. But I always thought there was more in the car.
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
The trick of making movies in this culture is how to not give up everything that makes them worthwhile in order to get them made - and that's a tricky balance.
I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.
If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.
The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.
For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities.
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.
We are all different. Yet we are all God's children. We are all united behind this country and the common cause of freedom, justice, fairness, and equality. That is what unites us.
An argument fatal to the communist theory, is suggested by the fact, that a desire for property is one of the elements of our nature.
If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education.
Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.
I recruited my dad to be my bass player and fired him on several occasions. He stayed on as a bus driver.
I always seem to get parts where I play the sports professional - and that's not me at all!
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.
Rumi, who is one of the greatest Persian poets, said that the truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.
Well, for one thing, you know my dad was a cop.
Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
The danger of having the military take over intelligence is that the military has a very different perspective on the world.
History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man.
Over the last few years, the world has become a smaller and more integrated place with technology that is leveling the playing field like never before.
I don't feel restless, I just like to travel.
I was born to be married. I just feel comfortable there. I love the idea of being partnered for ever. I love my girlfriend, we've been best friends since I was 18. There's not a thing we haven't been through except for marriage... We've had talks about what we would name our kids since we were in our 20s.
We must carefully consider card security solutions, such as adding photographs or machine-readable electronic strips, so to prevent further breaches of individual privacy that could result from changes to the design of Social Security Cards.
There is no subject on which more dangerous nonsense is talked and thought than marriage.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.
To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
I'm not an employee who goes to the office every morning at the same time. Then, vacations are needed.
When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you.
The truth is, hardly any of us have ethical energy enough for more than one really inflexible point of honor.
The duty of comedy is to correct men by amusing them.
Increased revenues, meaning higher taxes, will be a central element of any successful long-term budget plan, and President Obama is right to insist that the wealthy - the slice of America that has come through the recession in by far the best financial health - should provide those funds.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way.
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.
I always have issues with trust.
Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are, the more you're forced back on your own imagination.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness.
It's not the teaching, it's the learning.
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Life is not a matter of place, things or comfort rather, it concerns the basic human rights of family, country, justice and human dignity.
Having good health, being able to breathe and be happy, that's one of the most beautiful gifts. On top of that, I have the gift to play music and make people happy through that. I'm just telling you from my heart, I'm so in love with life.
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
I never wanted to go on stage alone because if you mess up, who can you blame?
Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth.
America doesn't have health insurance.
I didn't watch much TV as a kid and I don' t watch it now. I don' t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you can't do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!
Leadership in telecommunications is also essential, since we are now in the age of e-commerce.
You can lose a game but, I see guys every week including myself, you lose a game, it's a tough loss, you're down, two weeks later you forgot about it. You know it's amazing how down you were, but all of the sudden you're like it never happened.
I am encouraged that there's going to be much better dialogue between the federal government and the state of Arizona. I mean, I hope that's not wishful thinking.
What the people want is very simple - they want an America as good as its promise.
One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Justice and truth are too such subtle points that our tools are too blunt to touch them accurately.
My dad was my first coach and drove me extremely hard from a very young age.
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.
I don't think any good book is based on factual experience. Bad books are about things the writer already knew before he wrote them.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
European investment in Texas alone exceeds all U.S. investment in China and Japan put together.
Modesty should be typical of the success of a champion.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Peace cannot be kept by force it can only be achieved by understanding.
What greater aspiration and challenge are there for a mother than the hope of raising a great son or daughter?
I see no way out of the problems that organized religion and tribalism create other than humans just becoming more honest and fully aware of themselves.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
